Anni/wcicd (#16642)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/build-system/build-configuration.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Build Configuration
head: []
description: Understand the different settings associated with your build.
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

You may tell Workers Build System how your application needs to be built and deployed.

## Build Settings

> You can set the build for your Workers with the following options:

Reviewer: "set the build"? Can we be concrete here/above about what this lets you do?

```suggestion
You can configure Cloudflare to automatically build and deploy your Worker when a pull request is merged into a specific branch of your Git repository.

The following options are available:
```

> - **Git account**

Reviewer: Right now this is a list of options, but it's not clear where/how I should configure these — in the dash? can I do it via the API? Via Terraform? Can we be explicit?

- **Deploy command**
  - The deploy command lets you choose the specific Wrangler command you would like to use to deploy your Worker. Your deploy command is defaulted to `npx Wrangler deploy`, but it can be customized as needed. You can also upload as a version, and take advantage of gradual deployments here.
- **Root Directory** (Optional)
  - Specify the root directory of your Worker. The root directory describes where the build command will run.
- **API Key** (Optional)
  - By default, Cloudflare will generate an API token for your account or you can create and select an existing API token from a previous build in the API token drop down. These API tokens will be created with the following permissions for your account:
    - **Account:** Account Settings (read), Workers Scripts (edit), Workers KV Storage (edit), Workers R2 Storage (edit)
    - **Zone:** Workers Routes (edit) for all zones on the account
    - **User:** User Details (read), Memberships (read)
- **Build variable** (Optional)
  - Add variables and secrets accessible only to your build.

> ## Special Setup

Reviewer: Think rather than a generic heading here, monorepo and wrangler environments can each be own section

> If you have a monothelic repository (monorepo) or use [Wrangler environments](/workers/wrangler/environments/), you can follow the specific set up guide below:

Reviewer: Suggest: 

If you have a monorepo (a Git repository that contains multiple projects)...

### Monorepo support

You can choose to use a monorepo with Workers. To do so, you must:

1. Connect your monorepo git repository to each of your associated Workers
2. Set up your build configuration to only deploy to that specific Worker by setting the correct root directory in your build configuration.

> Note that when a new commit is detected in the monorepo, all the associated Workers will trigger a new build and deploy.

Reviewer: Don't think this explains it completely, or I'm confused.

If I am following this guide, I want to understand how I set things up so that I'm able to build each of the projects in my monorepo. Right now, this only describes how you configure things for a particular project within the monorepo.

But then at the bottom, we're saying that all Workers will be built?

### Wrangler Environment support

> To set up Workers with Wrangler environments:

Reviewer: What's a Wrangler environment? What does it refer to? How do I know what this means?
